KITE (part of the StudioBlood LADSPA plugin package, hence the sb_ prefix)
COPYRIGHT (c)2009. Tyler Hayes. Portland, OR. August 4, 2009.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

-------

Kite is an audio effect plugin using LADPSA (Linux Audio Developers Simple
Plugin API).  This plugin takes a sound sample, randomly cuts it up into pieces
of various lengths, randomly reverses some of the pieces, and glues them all
back together randomly. This is based on the circus sound effects at the end of
"Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!" by The Beatles, which was created by George
Martin and Geoff Emerick by literally cutting up sound effects tape, tossing
them up in the air, and splicing the pieces back together randomly.

----------

KNOWN BUG:

The plugin is supposed to vary the lengths of random sub-blocks from
0.25 seconds to 2 seconds.  However, I didn't see deep enough into my algorithm
to see that it is possible to get sub-blocks of lengths smaller than 0.25
seconds--even a sub-block of 1 sample!  To fix this would require a overhaul
of the whole algorithm and reimplementation of the run_kite() procedure.

The plugin works fine other than that and does what it's supposed to do.

----------

It is written in C because the API is in C, and licensed under the GPL v3,
because it's an easy choice when one doesn't want to take the time to
research a bunch of licenses to find 'the right one'.

Thanks to Richard Furse and company for creating ladspa.h, and thanks to Bart
Massey at Portland State University for suggesting LADSPA plugins as a good
open source project to work on.  He also helped me get the correct flags in
the Makefile in order to produce a working shared object file.

I am still a student programmer at the time of this writing, so some of the
comments in the source code are detailed and directed at the beginner as well.
Hopefully the comments will be beneficial to those who were like me in learning
the API, and not too annoying for the pro's out there.

--------------

HOW TO INSTALL

To install, make sure the LADSPA_PATH variable in the Makefile is correct to
your environment, and just run (as root) 'make install'.  You can also run 'make
uninstall' (again, as root) to get rid of the plugin.
